quest:
	name: name selected randomly from pool. maybe have certain criterias effect name like has skeletons etc.
	difficulty: difficulty level of the quest (arbitrary number). succes depends on character level, equipment and resources.
	quest size: bounty (1-2) dungeon(5) raid(10)
	quest enemies: same as quest size. each enemy type has a counter.
	reward: always gold, xp and one reward. extra resource depending on difficulty. more difficult more extra rewards.
		CANT LVL UP CHARACTER HIGHER THAN QUEST LVL. CHAR LVL 4 QUEST LVL 4 CANT LVL UP. CHAR LVL 4 QUEST LVL 5 CAN LVL UP. MAYBE CHANGE IF TOO DIFFICULT
	
enemies:
	skeleton: warrior counters it
	orc: wizard counters it
	bandit: hunter counters it
	
	maybe boss for the 10 man raid?
	
resources:
	gold. general resources used for everything.
	?. used to upgrade blacksmith.
	?. used to upgrade guild hall.
	
guild hall:
	recruit new followers. guild hall lvl caps amount of followers available. amount is total, independent of class.
	recruiting follower costs gold.
	higher guild hall lvl also can increase lvl of followers to recruit.
	hgiher lvl higher cost of gold.
	
blacksmith:
	upgrade follower equipment.
	equipment is only 1 item
	equipment lvl from 1 to 6. equipment lvl available to each follower is related to follower lvl. follower lvl 1 can get up to lvl 1 equipment.
	each lvl costs more gold
	upgrading blacksmith increases upgrade max lvl available. blacksmith lvl 3 allows up to lvl 3 equipment.

follower:
	name: randomly generated name
	level: starts lvl 1. max lvl 6? affects mission success and resource generation ratio.
	xp: 
	hp: health bar regenerates while not on a mission. follower takes health damage during mission on different ocasions. amount depending on difficulty of mission level and equipment lvl.
	if health goes to 0, lowers chance of success, if mission fails, each follower with 0 hp has a chance to die.
	
	select if follower works or rests? resting generates hp, working lowers regen or stops it.
	
	warriors charge bar while training. if bar full enters amped up state. which boosts resource rewards from next quest he does.
	
	hunters go to forest and wander. every x amount of time(depends on lvl) they will shoot and generate 1 meat.
	
	mages have 3 object that they need to interact with in order to produce a potions. higher lvl makes interaction with each object take less time.

provisions:
	potions: allows follower to heal 50% hp when its health drops below 25%
	meat: during expedition, food check can happen, each member needs to eat 1 piece of meat, if no food, hp will decrease set amount.
	
	
GAME WIN:
	CLEAR THE 10 MAN RAID.
LOSE:
	AFTER X DAYS DIDNT CLEAR 10 MAN RAID.
	
